explain how to ignore WAL files and cleanup resulting grafs (#14317)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/storage.md

```

Note that a limitation of local storage is that it is not clustered or
replicated. Thus, it is not arbitrarily scalable or durable in the
face of drive or node outages and should be managed like any other
single node database. With proper architecture, it is possible to
retain years of data in local storage.

[Snapshots](querying/api.md#snapshot) are recommended for
backups. Backups made without snapshots run the risk of losing data

> that was recorded since the last WAL checkpoint, which typically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that was recorded since the last TSDB block was created, which typically
```

happens every two hours, covering the last three hours of

> samples. Excluding the WAL files (the `wal/` directory in

Reviewer: I think this should say `chunks_head/` and `wal/`.
We have `wbl` directory now too, when using out-of-order data.

Note that a limitation of local storage is that it is not clustered or
replicated. Thus, it is not arbitrarily scalable or durable in the face of
drive or node outages and should be managed like any other single node
database.

[Snapshots](querying/api.md#snapshot) are recommended for backups. Backups 
made without snapshots run the risk of losing data that was recorded since 

> the last WAL sync, which typically happens every two hours, covering

Reviewer: Not your change, but "sync" makes me think of Unix `sync(1)`, which Prometheus will do every time it creates a new WAL segment, generally rather less than 2 hours.

The operation that happens every 2 hours is a "head compaction", followed by a "checkpoint" and "WAL truncation".
I think "WAL checkpoint" would convey the point without being misleading.

Author: changed, thanks!

> the last three hours of samples. Excluding the WAL files (the `wal/`

Reviewer: Suggest inserting "If snapshots are unavailable" here, to emphasise we are not changing the recommendation.

Author: i tweaked it a little further, see if that is okay with you.

directory in `storage.tsdb.path`) on backup or restore will ensure a
coherent backup, in any case, at the cost of losing that time range.

Alternatively, external storage may be used via the [remote read/write
APIs](https://prometheus.io/docs/operating/integrations/#remote-endpoints-and-storage).
Careful evaluation is required for these systems as they vary greatly
in durability, performance, and efficiency. With proper architecture,

> it is possible to retain years of data in local storage.

Reviewer: I think this last bit was originally saying you don't need external storage, so moving it here changes the meaning.

Author: i moved it back, is it okay now?
